This is a Java Project using jars in BuildPath it is a working project ok.
The reference check will return false, which means Spring Singletons don't work like they said earlier
A Spring Singleton does not work like a Java Singleton.
So it is clear that for a given id, a Spring container maintains only one shared instance in a singleton cache.
https://dzone.com/articles/an-interview-question-on-spring-singletons
Spring Singletons are not Java Singletons.
https://javabeat.net/spring-singleton-java-singleton/
Java singleton class is per classloader and Spring’s singleton is per application context.
Singleton scope is the default scope for spring beans.
The Java singleton is scoped by the Java class loader, the Spring singleton is scoped by the container context. ... You may have many instances of that class in your application, but only one will be created for that bean. You may even have multiple beans of the same class all declared as singleton.

What is the difference between spring Singleton and Java Singleton?
The Java singleton is scoped by the Java class loader, the Spring singleton is scoped by the container context. ... You may have many instances of that class in your application, but only one will be created for that bean. You may even have multiple beans of the same class all declared as singleton.

Why Singleton is not thread safe in spring?
Spring just manage the life cycle of singleton bean and maintains single instance of object. Thread safety has nothing to do with it. becuase you could have a reference to non-threadsafe objects in your singleton. But if you don't, and you use spring to inject any instance variables then yes they are thread safe.

what is aop in spring?
One of the key components of Spring Framework is the Aspect oriented programming (AOP) framework. Aspect-Oriented Programming entails breaking down program logic into distinct parts called so-called concerns. ... The key unit of modularity in OOP is the class, whereas in AOP the unit of modularity is the aspect.

advantages of aop in spring?
(Such concerns are often termed crosscutting concerns.) One of the key components of Spring is the AOP framework. ... The most important such service is declarative transaction management, which builds on Spring's transaction abstraction. To allow users to implement custom aspects, complementing their use of OOP with AOP


